# Artificial Intelligence for Robotic Fire Fighting System

SenseShift is an open-source haptic feedback device for VR. PyLabRobot is a hardware agnostic, pure Python library for liquid handling robots, plate readers, pumps, scales, heater shakers, and other lab automation equipment. VRBot is a VR Controlled Remote-Control Car Project. VR controlled robot with head and hand tracking. Design and Implementation of a Robot Grasping System Based on VR Teleoperation and Imitation Learning. BeaVR is a bimanual, multi-embodiment, accessible VR teleoperation for robots. Virtual Reality Teleoperation of a Humanoid Robot. VR-Robo is a Real-to-Sim-to-Real Framework for Visual Robot Navigation and Locomotion. Frigate is an open source NVR built around real-time AI object detection. Unity VR project for Robot Realtime Manipulation facilitates the remote control of collaborative robots using virtual reality by creating a digital twin of the real robot within Unity, connected through ROS. WFH_locobot is a public version for WFH-VR teleoperation system. The Centauro is  a new disaster response robot to assist rescue workers to operate safely. Phantom is a scalable framework for training manipulation policies directly from human video demonstrations, requiring no robot data. AeroFlameGuard is an autonmous drone fire detection alogrithm that uses computer vision-based fire detection systems utilizing machine learning algorithms to detect fire in images and videos in real-time. Implement Contract Net Protocol for a multi agent cooperation system to manage a group of UAVs to automatically extinguish fires in a forest. Fast-Planner is developed aiming to enable quadrotor fast flight in complex unknown environments. ROS package providing Gazebo simulation of the Darwin OP robot. Also provides a Python interface to the joints and some walk capabilities. The WALK-MAN project aims to develop a humanoid robot that can operate in buildings that were damaged following natural and man-made disasters. Emergency Medical Services Simulation. 

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.